3.	 Program impact on Parents, Teachers and Staff 
Analysing the EPP GIZ program being implemented in Egypt, elsewhere (Khalil, Forthcoming (b)) we have explained the impact on students partici- pating in the program.3 This analysis showed that the program was perceived by students as a transformational educational experience as it helped them become active participants rather than being passive recipients. It also helped students speak about their wishes for the future which contributes to bringing about change. Here we see the impact of the program on students goes deeper as it not only focuses on the program output but on bringing about change, as evidenced by the students themselves. So what is the ‘gaze’ of the parents, teachers and staff regarding the transformative impact of the program? The following sections will present the ‘gaze’ of parents, teachers and staff with regard to how the program transforms educational relationships. The im- pact evaluation is presented based on three main transformational categories: the personal level, the social level and on the level of family/work relations. 
Parents’ perspectives on program impact Within the group discussions parents relate whether they have noticed chang- es in their children as they grow up in the program, and what their child said about his/her experiences. On the personal level, transformative learning and self-development is a strong dimension found in the parents’ comments which connects to self-con- fidence. One parent says “I rediscovered my daughter through the program, she used to be introvert, now she is able to stand and present her work to others, talking about herself… I was surprised”. Others say “my son obtained self-con- fidence”, “my son is now able to enter any company to ask about available op- portunities”, “the experience in the program changed him totally, it changed the way he thinks, and even now he likes to study and to show his strength”. On the level of transformation of social and family relations, parents ob- served that their children changed: “I felt that this brought change 100% in my daughter, how she treats us at home, how she treats our neighbours”. And on the level of skills and capabilities the parents noticed that their children learned “how to work with others”, “how to do an interview”, “She knows how to look for a job”. Finally, on the level of changing institutional relations they say “Someone who found what was lost … The way he thinks changed and now he likes to study”, “I am surprised my son got very good grades now and will enter university”. Parents agree that they themselves like the program and wanted to have a role and learn more about it, and also said how their children became happy, involved, benefited from and liked the program. Knowing about the program from their children and seeing the transformation taking place, most of the parents encouraged them to take part: “the program is good, if there is more take part in it as you will benefit” one parent said. On the other hand, other parents would like to have a bigger role and know more; they say that “we need to know more… I suggest that we receive training to be informed and be able to help our kids at home”. It is obvious that the parents noticed the program’s impact on their chil- dren and they have observed their development at home. 
Teachers’ perspectives on program impact The assessment of program outcomes shows that facilitators’ learning levels are very much oriented towards the transformation of the self. Adopting the image-based approach in this section of the semi-structured interviews, facilitators told each other how they related to the images and what they wanted to express by them. One of the strongest dimensions found in the comments connects to the discovery of oneself and one’s abilities. They commented on how they discovered themselves after they took part in the program, and how this was of help to their personal and professional life. Some said: “I discovered my abilities”, “things changed in my life”, “the program introduced me to things I had and I didn’t know about (I had a boom in my life)”. In comparison to how they perceived themselves before the program they said: “I was a person without an objective”, “my life was a mess and not planned”, “I was lost”, “I was a failure”, “I didn’t know my strength”, “I am depressed and frustrated”. A second strongly represented dimension, is that of the facilitators’ relation to the students. The facilitators saw themselves getting better on the relationship level with clients after having taken part in the program; they say that they want to “Help clients discover their strength” and that they “feel I can give a helping hand to the youth”, “the program changed my relationship with clients to become personal (we tried to understand them)”. Compared to this, the reference points before the program started were that “As a teacher I am used to passive teaching, just give, and throw the information”, and teaching as well as relations with the children were “was routine”. At the level of skills, “imagination of their future” and “information literaThe transformation that came about among the facilitcy” seems to become relevant to them as well. Facilitators said the program helped them to “make use of the information I have”. In contrast, before the program it was stated that they were “confused and unable to use the information I have”, “I didn’t understand what the meaning of life is”, “I didn’t know how to find a job”, “I didn’t know how to use my skills”. A fourth dimension refers to societal and labour market capacities. Re- garding social and work-life related capabilities, the program helped them learn participation: “I am a person who has social participation”, “I am a per- son who helps others”. It is evident that the facilitators did have transformational learning experi- ences, which for many of them brought about self-awareness, awareness about their relations with their clients and information literacy. We also find transformational learning related to others, to groups and to organizations. Here, learning outcomes are related to cooperation and team work: they “Learnt how to work as one team” whereas before the program they stated: “the way I dealt with others was not good enough”, “I was a per- son whose role stopped at helping himself”. As we can see, facilitators did have transformational learning experiences, which for many of them brought about teamwork related skills. The transformation that came about among the facilitators, especially in their relation with students, was validated by clients seeing them as an older brother who listens to them, helps them and cooperates with them. The EPP staff members also commented on the relation between the facilitators and clients, and how this was discussed by the facilitators who informed the staff how different they were when they were wearing the hat of the facilitator. 
GIZ Project Staff perspectives on the program – and impact Staff were interviewed using semi-structured qualitative interviews. The purpose of the interview was to receive multiple perceptions from them, in order to understand their analysis and narratives and how they perceived that the program developed and emerged, to change and to bring about outcomes over time. Staff were asked about the ways in which the program could become better and possibly even might become a policy in education. Specifically, they were asked which parts of the program should be maintained, which aspects could be strengthened and which should be changed. The answers show that content and methods have to adapt to conditions. One staff member said “I cannot make sure that things are going to be maintained” this is because by time new things are learned, the material and the approach will need to be developed further. However, the way the program is delivered in this perspective needs to be maintained. On the level of adapting the material to the needs of the community, it needed to be modified to accommodate the different issues that were raised, such as gender: “the material was targeting male participants more than females, and in order to meet the needs of our clients, the material was adjusted, to consider what they lack”. Another staff member added that as the “youth are opting to work abroad, the material should incorporate some information about this topic, in order to help them to be informed”. Cooperating with different partners is seen as important – even if this might take time – but at least partners should be able to meet on common grounds, which the program managed to do. One of the staff members said, “We need to work in harmony”. Finally, the program staff saw the potential of making a bigger change when better conditions, more political support, and more involvement by more important stakeholders is achieved. As they see it, “policymakers could make a huge change happen by taking brave decisions and take this concept further into structural solutions and diffusion all over the country”. The poli- cymakers could develop strategy plans, implement activities to involve other partners and establish institutional structures. 