4.	 Impact as Transformation of Educational Relationships 
The CG objective is to empower technical education graduates by helping them discover who they are and what they can do to be able to manage their careers by making informed decisions. To be able to do this, the program needed to change the context in which education is taking place, create a new knowledge situation and change the relationship between students, teachers and peers, thus creating a network of relations in the classroom. It also involves parents, actors of civil society and relevant institutions like schools, firms and policymakers. All participants have a core role in creating knowledge by working in ‘harmony’ to transform society and shift vertical, frontal, teacher-centred approaches in order to build educational systems (Bastenhorst 2005). From a discourse perspective, the ‘gaze’ of the different stakeholders involved here shows evidence that CG knowledge is ‘travelling into the self’. The concept of travelling here does not refer to going outside the experiences of the students themselves, nor beyond the teachers, family members or places where they live. It is obvious that it is an enabling program where educational patterns change, self-concept changes and the relationship with the educational institution changes as well. We can also see that the program enters the level of subjectification (Foucault 1971) and brings about transformation not only at the level of the students but at the level of teachers, parents and staff as well. CG here is an educational innovation in the sense that it is transforming educational relationships and shifting the vertical ‘pyramid’ of teachers’ classroom power to the students and their social context. By supporting the self-realization of individuals and helping them voice their needs the program contributes to societal change and democratization (Foucault 1971; Khalil, Forthcoming (b)). It is therefore not only for purposes of economization, as discussed by Sultana (2011) and Schröder and Karl (2017).