Shahinaz Khalil Impact? Whose Impact? A Youth Career Guidance Program’s effects on ­Parents, Teachers and Staff 
Introduction 
This article presents an alternative take on impact evaluation using the re- sults of a transformative evaluation research project (Khalil and Weber, Forth- coming) for an educational career guidance (CG) program which has been implemented in Egypt. Analysing the program’s impact from a discourse perspective supports a knowledge-based approach. In this power-knowledge based perspective, impact is regarded as traveling into the self 1 not only of the program clients (participating students) but as changing the views of par- ents, teachers and program staff. In this way, impact evaluation becomes a polyphonic, multi-stakeholder impact evaluation and at the same time cre- ates a systemic view, not only of the program outcome, but of its impact and potential. Here, we can see that the analysed CG program not only makes globalized ideas travel to Egypt, but enter the bodies and minds of clients and stakeholders. Program impact seen from a discourse analysis perspective reveals the power of knowledge-changing educational relationships. In the coming chapter I will discuss impact evaluation and offer an over- view on the current debate and, very briefly, the evaluation approach based on the methodological framework of transformative evaluation (Weber 2012) will be presented. What is the resonance and program impact for parents, teachers and program staff? From a Foucauldian perspective the ‘gaze’ is a crucial, micrological power-knowledge practice: So how is the stakeholders’ gaze on students changing and changed by and within the program (Chapter 3)? The empirical section presents the voices of parents, teachers and project staff and focuses on their gaze upon the student and how it transforms within the pro- ject. The last chapter discusses the relevance of transforming educational re- lationships and gives a final outlook relating to program rationale and impact. 
1.	 A Discourse Perspective on Program Impact – Which Impact? 
Within the global trend towards ‘evidence’, an objectivist paradigm of empirical assessment based on large data sets is promoted, required and requested, especially by supra-state organizations to determine what works in order to create change (Hearn and Buffardi 2016). According to this view, impact evaluation should focus on the efficiency of programs and policies and not on outputs. When defining ‘impact evaluation’ we see that it varies amongst supra-state organizations. For the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), impact is defined as “Positive and negative, primary and secondary long-term effects produced by a development intervention, directly or indirectly, intended or unintended” (OECD/DAC 2002:24). For the World Bank “an impact evaluation assesses the changes in the well-being of individuals that can be attributed to a particular project, program, or policy. This focus on attribution is the hallmark of impact evaluations” (Gertler et al. 2011:4). We also find debates among different groups: While some advocate quantitative large scale evidence based approaches assuming that impact is measurable up to cost-benefit analysis (White 2010), Norgbey (2016) questions the idea that quantitative approaches are suitable to reveal deeper dimensions of ‘impact’. Constructivist paradigms advocate and assume that ‘impact’ as measurable in numbers and as a measurement of what was intended and what was achieved, is not enough. They are contrasted by participatory and dialogical explorations of rationalities, changing patterns of perceptions and interpretations, changing practice and especially changing social relations. By asking in which way ‘the gaze’ of others changes, program outcomes and impact are analysed. Impact is analysed with regard to the rationalities being brought into existence. In this way, not only the impact and potential for social change at the program level is analysed, but policy level and the potential for social innovation, too, are addressed (Peters, Weber and Britez 2010). Asking for program impact in the field of a CG program implemented in Egypt, we start with theorizing program knowledge as power-knowledge in a Foucauldian understanding of the concept (Foucault 1971), where the globally relevant knowledge of CG travels into the self (Czarniawska and Sevón 2005; Khalil, Forthcoming (a)). In the context of CG programs in the European Union, Schröder and Karl (2017) see the shift towards economization of the self (Jacquin and Juhel 2017; Sampson et al. 2014; Schröder and Karl 2017). Sultana (2011) problematizes these effects in the case of Egypt. So how does CG ‘travel’ into Egypt (Czarniawska and Sevón 2005)? And what is the impact of this travelling program knowledge? Will a program, which as such is already oriented towards the ‘organizational’ and towards learning, bring about trans- formational change not only at the level of students, but at the level of stake- holders, and powerholders like parents, teachers and staff as well? What will be the impact of the program regarding a changing ‘gaze’ on self and others? 