2.	 Program, Research Methodology and Program ­Evaluation Design 
EPP GIZ2 introduced an educational program to the Technical Education Sec- tor at the Ministry of Education in Egypt that is grounded in a LifeWork plan- ning approach (Bolles 1998). This resource-oriented, vision- and strength-ori- ented, individualizing approach was founded in the United States of America and relates not only to CG in a work setting, but as well as and primarily to life. This means that the dimensions of ‘life’, ‘work’ and ‘planning’ are crucial here. As Khalil (2015) explained, the approach goes much beyond a simple pairing/matching process. It rather focuses on facilitating the transition from school to work through a comprehensive process that includes the provision of services. The overall goal of this approach and the program is to enable young people to make work-related decisions based on information and by achiev- ing self-realisation. The approach focuses on the discovery of abilities and strengths, on the analysis of interests, on the recognition of self-awareness, in- formation strategies, employment opportunities and the transition from school to work. Again as discussed in Khalil (2015) the program trained teachers to become facilitators for three years, and teachers go through a learning phase where they refrain from using conventional (traditional) approaches to adopt an interactive style to support clients (15-18 years old students) for the pro- motion of learning. Not only that, it makes use of the existing experiences of facilitators and builds their capacity to be multipliers to support the diffu- sion of educational innovations. As a client and resource-centered program, it brings about interactive methods, real-life experience, outreach in regional neighbourhoods and firms, involving family members and potential training locations (Khalil 2015). 
Transformative Evaluation The study is based on the “transformative evaluation” approach (Khalil and Weber Forthcoming; Mertens 2007; Mertens 2012; Weber 2012) which is un- derstood as an inclusive, bottom-up process that creates change by engaging people actively and respectfully with special attention to local contexts and local meaning. The multi-method approach adopted intends to overcome so- cial background differences by focusing on inclusion and takes into account possible limitations of expression. The image-based methodology used (We- ber 2015) intends to elicit comments and to support elicitation, articulation and storytelling (Bignante 2010; Hurworth and Sweeney 1995). Applying the core structure of the ‘Appreciative Inquiry’ (AI) – that is, experience and sto- rytelling / dream / design / delivery – (Cooperrider et al. 2000; Cooperrid- er and Whitney 1999; Martinetz 2002; Weber 2014a; Weber 2014 b), people were asked to relate important experiences gained throughout the program. Image-based peer interviews supported the combined analysis of images and narration focusing on core metaphors. 
Research Methods and Sample The multi-stakeholder impact evaluation (Gertler et al. 2016) addressed stu- dents, parents, teachers and staff by using participatory Design Research Workshops (teachers), group discussions (GD) (parents) (Bohnsack and Schäffer 2001; Gugglberger et al. 2014) and interviews (staff) (Peräkylä 2005). In general, all approaches intended to reveal narrations of experiences within the program and especially transformational experiences occurring within the program. 
Data Analysis Within an international and intercultural context, a translational approach has to be taken, in order to connect empirical worlds and research worlds. As ‘voicing’ and participatory bottom-up articulation required the use of the Arabic language, English translations were needed in order to reconnect and analyse the data within the research group and to allow intersubjectivity and intersubjective validation. The data analysis (Bourdieu 2007), further discussed in Khalil and Weber (Forthcoming), related to the ‘program trajectories’ becoming visible in the temporal structure of three core questions commensurate to the ‘now’, the ‘beginning’ and the ‘desired future’. The analysis took into account the tem- poral narrations brought about. The data analysis referred to transformational patterns in relation to the self, to institutions and to society. The project data was analysed as a collective trajectory of cohorts of students, having been pre- sented elsewhere (Khalil, Forthcoming (b); Khalil and Weber, Forthcoming). 